docs: update the README about prototype (#17)
openedx/openedx-translations: README.rst

openedx-translations
####################

> The openedx-translations repository contains translations files from Open edX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The openedx-translations repository contains translation files from Open edX
```

repositories to be kept in sync with Transifex. To accomplish this task, a GitHub Action
in `.github/workflows/` named `extract-translation-source-files.yml` regularly extracts

> english translation source files form Open edX repositories containing code and adds them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
English translation source files form Open edX repositories containing code and adds them
```
(throughout)

to this repository. A GitHub Transifex app allows for the automatic upload of these
translation files and after being translated on Transifex, the automatic download back
into this repository. The translation files in this repository can then be accessed by

> using the openedx-atlas CLI tool to download specific directories of translation files

Reviewer: This should have a link to openedx-atlas.

Author: Added the link

from openedx-translations.

Current State
*************

> This repository is currently in its prototype phase and offers limited capability. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is currently a prototype and offers limited capability. The
```

> GitHub Action `extract-translation-source-files.yml` generates english translation source

Author: ```suggestion
GitHub Action `extract-translation-source-files.yml` generates English translation source
```

files for only one repository `openedx/credentials`. These translation source files are
the only ones uploaded to the Transifex project openedx-translations. The english
translation source files have only been translated into one language: French Canadian

> (fr_CA). The openedx-atlas CLI tool can be used to only pull translation files from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(fr_CA). The openedx-atlas CLI tool can only be used to pull translation files from the
```
